♪ MTV
When will you be home?
It's family dinner night.
I'm workin',
and I'll get there when I can.
I've been looking all over
for you.
You owe me a lot of money.
- Yeah.
- [Tommy] We got a problem
we're gonna have
to talk about in person.
I'll come see you tomorrow.
[Nathan]
Three widows,
eight dependents,
250 per household.
- Do they have attorneys?
- Not to my knowledge.
We're gonna make this deal
before they get them.
[tires squeal]
I told you to stay
the fuck away.
Now you're playing husband?
[Ariana]
Stop it, Manuel, stop it!
That's the second time
you've pointed a gun at me.
Third time's gonna be the last.
[Angela]
My whole family together
for the first time
in ten years.
I'm just so fucking happy.
[Manuel]
Up late, huh?
[grunting]
I got to go to Fort Worth.
[Angela]
Can I ride with you?
I need to sit down with Victor.
We gotta take a little detour.
♪ "If Today Doesn't Do Me In"
by Ian Noe ♪
***
♪ In a heavy rain standing
♪ Off an old county road ♪
♪ Beside a high rolling
river so swift ♪
♪ There was
a hitchhiking stranger ♪
♪ Quite pale from the cold
♪ On a cane,
trying to thumb down a lift ♪
♪ Well, I pulled up beside him
♪ Let my window on down
♪ To the rain
and the bone-chilling wind ♪
♪ Said, "You look awful worn
♪ In this late-winter storm
♪ Which way
are you headed, my friend?" ♪
♪ "Right up to the spotlight
♪ Drinking all that
Coke and gin ♪
Hey.
♪ "And I'll be
a suit-wearing man... ♪
We're here.
[sighs]
[yawns]
What time's your meeting?
Now.
I'm gonna head to Victor's.
Have the talk.
Oh, it's ten minutes
for an Uber.
Can you leave the truck on
so I don't melt?
Well, why don't you
just take the truck?
Then you won't melt
and you won't need an Uber.
Well, how am I gonna
get my car back
if I drive
your truck there, hmm?
You don't need
to bring your car home today.
I ain't leaving
without my Bentley.
Mmm-mm. I don't care if I have
to suck his dick for the keys,
you're just gonna have
to man up and move past it.
All right. Well, buy
a toothbrush on the way home.
[Angela]
Love you.
[Cami]
Tommy?
How are you?
The world is my oyster, Cami.
What can I tell you?
Oh, I remember that oyster.
Yeah,
our first divorce was so fun,
we thought we'd try it again.
She can come in the house.
No, she's got to go
break up with her husband.
Life is much more interesting
when you two are together.
Come in.
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
***
- There you are.
- How are you?
He's almost done.
Can I get you
something to drink?
It's after 5:00.
Just some coffee,
if you have any, or...
I can sure make some.
- Go on in.
- Okay. All right.
♪ quiet, dramatic music ♪
***
[Monty]
I mean, I guess...
I'm gonna say,
outside of three weeks?
***
[Monty]
Somewhere in there.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [laughter]
[Monty]
Okay.
How are you?
- It's been a week.
- Yeah, I bet.
Fill me in on this
accident this morning?
He was standing on something he
shouldn't have been standing on.
He's probably done it
a thousand times. I have.
Am I exposed?
That's a lawyer question.
At this point, you're as much
a lawyer as anybody else.
Well, the pipes came in
in a mixed bundle,
which is not what we ordered.
He knew better
than to be standing up there.
Negligence is his.
But it don't make the pill
his wife's got to swallow
any easier.
We'll take care of the family.
Come on, sit.
[door opens]
Hey, you guys spill that
on the carpet,
your mother's gonna kill you.
Save some for me.
Girls on break?
Yeah.
Convincing her to go to TCU
is one of my
greatest accomplishments.
They want to drink margaritas,
mess around with the boys,
they can do it by the pool.
They want to go to the bars,
my driver takes them,
- picks them up.
- Hmm.
You're coming to that point
pretty soon, you got a plan?
Yeah, I'm gonna cement rebar
into a cinder block
and chain her to it
till she's 30.
She'll chew
right through that shit.
Her mother might.
We get this
lease thing worked out?
Yeah.
I understand TTP
is seeing things our way?
This little lawyer's
a pit bull, I tell you.
So I hear. How about
the well thing,
that working out?
Offering bereavement payments
to the families.
- How much?
- Got to go
north of 250 per, I think,
to make it stick. Thank you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
[Cami]
Staying for dinner?
I wish I could,
but I think I...
I should get going.
It's good to see you.
You, too.
[Monty]
So,
you called the meeting...
- Yeah.
- The Hermosa Field lease?
- Yeah?
That land
is a distribution route
for drugs headed north.
Yeah, they stole our plane.
Well, they want compensation
for the product they lost.
[laughs]
Get in line.
They made threats
and the crew is spooked.
They don't want
to work the field.
Well, that's not an option.
You got any senators
in your rolodex?
Maybe the army wants
to come down here
and play war games
for a few weeks?
Who all is drilling
up in that field?
Everybody. BP and Marathon
and Chevron, everybody.
- Let me make a few calls.
- Can you make them fast?
'Cause we're supposed to
start clearing pads next week.
♪ quiet, contemplative music ♪
***
[buzzing]
♪ gentle music
***
♪ quiet, dramatic music
[Nathan]
You ever done this before?
More than I can count.
Really? You've faced
widows and orphans
and tried
to assign a monetary value
to their loved ones' lives
more times than you can count?
Under these circumstances,
no, I've never done this before.
Let's leave all the lawyer
out here on the porch,
know what I mean?
[speaking Spanish]
No.
I mean, kind of.
[speaking Spanish]
What this means,
this section here,
is that accepting these funds
does not nullify
any insurance policy
your husbands may have had,
and they each had term policies
through the company
with death benefits of $25,000.
What are we
supposed to do with $25,000?
It is a nominal amount
to cover funeral expenses.
It's standard through
your medical insurance.
[speaking Spanish]
What about
our medical insurance?
Your policy will COBRA,
which means that you will remain
on the policy for 18 months.
Then, you can extend the policy
at your own expense.
This is called
a bereavement offer.
It means
we recognize the challenges
your families face,
and want to help
you overcome those challenges.
[speaking Spanish]
[sighs softly]
What's the catch?
No catch.
What do you want from us?
[Nathan]
Nothing.
Just your signature
at the bottom
that you received them.
Um...
What does indem--
"indemnify" mean?
[Nathan]
That refers to liability
and waving assertions
of culpability.
What's an assertion?
And what's "culpability"?
[Nathan]
Those are legal terms.
It just means you can't
decide in ten years
that the accident was our fault.
What if it was your fault?
It wasn't our fault.
It wasn't your husband's fault.
It wasn't anyone's fault.
But what if it was?
[Rebecca]
Then you'd have to prove it.
You'd have to hand
that check back,
go hire a lawyer--
one better than our lawyers--
and prove it was our fault.
While we try to prove
it was yours.
[Nathan]
What she means is,
none of us wants to fight.
This is a tragedy,
and we would rather
openly offer money
to help you through it
than fight about blame.
But if you're not to blame,
why would you offer us anything?
Because it's cheaper
than proving it.
Excuse me.
[line ringing]
[buzzing]
Sheriff's department.
Uh... Sorry, I must have
dialed the wrong--
Are you calling
for Cooper Norris?
Um...
- Yes.
- Are you a friend?
I think so.
Did something happen to him?
- What's your name?
- Ariana.
[Walt]
How do you know him, Ariana?
Uh, he worked
on my husband's crew.
Did somebody hurt him?
Someone hurt him really bad.
They beat him.
You know anybody
would want to do that?
Uh... Where was this?
In his trailer at a man camp.
I know someone.
- Who would that be?
- Manuel Lopez.
He threatened Cooper
at my house.
Threatened him how?
With a gun.
Threatened to kill him.
Why would he do that?
Because, um... Because jealousy.
How badly is he hurt?
[sighs] Well, that depends
on how the night goes.
Manuel's threat may come true.
What's your last name, ma'am?
- What hospital is he in?
- Ma'am, I'm gonna need
your last name.
I'm gonna need
a statement from you.
You want a statement?
You come to the hospital
and get it.
Which hospital?
Midland General.
♪ slow, somber music
***
[speaking Spanish]
Wait, just...
Everything okay?
I don't think so.
♪ slow, dramatic music
***
- [doorbell rings]
- [clears throat]
Who are you?
I'm an associate with Brown,
Mayer, and Hammond, Mrs. Ramsey.
Please, come in.
So, I can come in my own
fucking house now?
- Thank you.
- [Nelson] Mrs. Ramsey?
I'm Nelson Means
with Brown, Mayer
- and Hammond...
- I know, Nelson
and what-the-fuck,
and hamster.
- Where's Victor?
- [Nelson] Victor has asked us
to assist in the dissolution
of the marriage.
Would you like to have a seat?
I'd like to speak to him.
[Nelson] Victor would prefer
the prenup to be fully executed
prior to any contact.
- Would he?
- [Nelson] Yes, he would.
I'd like you to focus
on this clause here,
paragraph nine.
This is the infidelity clause
of the agreement,
which states
should you engage in adultery,
the settlement portion of the
agreement will be nullified.
Who did I commit adultery with?
Is it your statement
that you did not engage
in sexual relations
with a Mr. Thomas Norris?
Oh. That's not adultery.
He's my ex-husband.
That is the very definition
of adultery.
Based on your efforts
to travel to him,
the affair was premeditated.
- What do you mean by that?
- I mean, you were
thinking about it
before you did it.
[scoffs]
That's a crime now?
I mean, I've thought
about fucking Tommy
while I was fucking Victor.
None of this is criminal.
But pursuant to the agreement,
all community property reverts
to Mr. Ramsey.
Define "community property."
This residence,
the house in Aspen,
the ranch outside of Morgan,
the residence in Cabo,
all liquid investments,
all cash in the joint accounts
and all access
to joint credit cards
and automobiles.
- Which automobiles?
- [Nelson] The Range Rovers,
there's an Audi A8,
a Lincoln Navigator...
Just get to the fucking Bentley.
The Bentley was a gift.
All gifts are
your separate property.
Hey, well, now we're
getting somewhere.
Define "gifts."
[Nelson]
Any jewelry,
clothing, accessories
such as handbags, luggage.
You have a personal
banking account
with just over $300,000--
those funds he will
concede to you.
We have calculated child support
payments for Ainsley
through her 18th birthday.
He's also written a letter.
He asks you deliver it
to Ainsley.
[sighs]
Anything else?
Signature here, please.
Keys to my fucking car.
Keys are in the vehicle.
I'd like to get my things.
[Nelson]
Your clothing has been shipped
to Mr. Norris's residence
in Midland.
The rest has been packed
inside the vehicle.
Madison will show you
to the garage.
I know where the garage is.
Fuck are you looking at?
[chuckles]
You the one who left him?
I hope it's true love,
'cause... [grunts]
You're a little long
in the tooth
to come crawling back and try
to kick me out of his bed.
I'd just pull you out
by your fucking hair.
That could be fun.
[chuckles]
♪ slow, intriguing music
***
[sighs]
[birds singing]
[Monty]
How many years is it?
Almost nine.
And not one drink.
Not one whiskey.
Miss it?
I'm too scared of it to miss it.
[chuckles]
So, how worried are you
about these green initiatives?
You're not buying
into that shit now, are you?
Well, don't matter
what I buy into,
it matters
what the lawmakers buy into.
Do you know who the two
biggest financial backers
of green initiatives are?
Saudi Arabia and Russia.
Why is that?
We reduce our output, we're
more reliant on their output.
And once that happens,
there's a huge demand
for output from us,
and then we're right back
in the middle of an oil boom.
Or the administration changes
and the oil boom comes
two years later.
It's manipulating supply
to increase demand
and they have been doing it
since they've been
harvesting sorghum
from the fields
- in the Nile River Valley.
- [phone buzzing]
Why is Nathan calling my phone?
I don't know.
Shit, I left my phone
in the truck.
Hey, do you want me or Tommy?
Hey, Nate. Sorry,
I left my phone in the truck.
How'd it go?
Listen, I got news
and it's not good.
Well, shit, Nate, it wasn't
a difficult presentation, what--
Cooper was attacked last night.
He's in surgery at General.
I sent Ainsley over there so
we've got someone on the ground.
In surgery for what?
Don't know. Call the sheriff.
He's expecting you.
[Tommy]
Yeah. Okay, okay.
Monty, I've got to go.
Problem?
Always.
♪ tense, dramatic music
***
Call Sheriff Joeberg.
Fuck. Honey, I need
five minutes, okay?
Just start heading to Odessa.
I feel like a whore.
Honey, please.
[Angela]
A fucking whore.
And I got to meet
my whore replacement
on the way out.
Little bitch was so young,
she had those little dimples
above her ass cheeks.
- Honey, honey--
- Ass dimples.
[Tommy]
There's an emergency, okay?
I'm gonna have to call you back.
[call chimes off]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
Fucking cherry
on the cake of my day.
♪ thrilling music
***
- [Walt] Tommy?
- [Tommy] Walk me through it.
[Walt] Found him unconscious
in his trailer.
Took a real good beating.
EMS said he
had a collapsed lung.
They're worried
about the shots to his head.
He was still out when
they got him on the chopper.
They Care-Flighted him out?
It was bad, Tommy.
I ain't gonna lie.
You got any suspects?
You know a Manuel Lopez?
Yeah, he works on Cooper's crew.
[Walt] Threatened him with
a pistol earlier in the day.
[Tommy]
Over what?
A girl, what else?
I know you like
to handle this in-house,
but this one's on the radar.
Yeah, well,
we'll both handle it, all right?
[Walt] Just leave me
something to arrest.
[buzzing]
[Angela]
Oh, don't mind me.
I'm just schlepping
my whore ass back to Midland
to make a new life with the man
of my dreams who hangs up on me
when I needed
some fucking compassion.
Honey?
Cooper's in the hospital.
He's in surgery.
I don't know for what
and I don't know for how long.
But I'll let you know
when I know.
I'm heading
to the hospital right now
and you need to do
the same, honey, okay?
You understand?
♪ somber music ♪
Okay, I'm headed that way now.
I love you, honey.
I'll call you if I hear
anything else.
***
♪ somber music
[indistinct chatter]
Cooper Norris?
He's in recovery.
His right lung collapsed,
so we inserted a chest tube
between the ribs,
in order to drain the air
and allow the lung to expand.
We'll need to leave that in
for several days.
There's some brain swelling.
It's something we'll monitor.
Okay.
Thank you.
[Dale]
Tommy?
Yeah, he's out.
Who are you?
Uh, I'm-I'm his sister.
Mm.
Your turn.
I'm harder to explain.
You just explained it.
♪ contemplative music
***
[sighs]
[indistinct announcements
over P.A.]
[Ariana]
Mm-hmm.
[speaking in Spanish]
[indistinct chatter]
[breast pump sucking]
[nurse]
Norris?
We've taken him to his room.
I can show you the way.
[ringtone playing]
Hey.
What do you know?
Well, Dale says
he's out of surgery.
Punctured a lung, got
a concussion, some broken ribs
and a pile of bruises.
[Angela]
Car wreck?
A fight.
Did you say "a fight"?
Yeah, a fight.
Bunch of guys jumped him
in his trailer.
This is why I didn't want him
working out here, Tommy.
I mean, it's all felons
and thugs and--
I don't wanting him
working out here, either,
but if he's gonna work out here,
he's gonna work with me.
It's the only way
we can protect him.
Well, you're doing
a bang-up job of that.
Second week here, second week
in the fucking hospital.
Trust me, honey,
I'll handle this, okay?
And if you want
to talk him out of working
at the patch, be my guest.
How far out are you?
30 minutes. How about you?
[Angela]
I'm in the parking lot.
[Tommy]
In the parking lot?
Did you fly?
[Angela]
Bet your ass I did.
Well, why aren't you in
the hospital with our son, then?
'Cause if the kid
lost a fucking leg,
I want to know before I see it.
I need to be
strong for him, Tommy.
He doesn't need to see his
mother freaking the fuck out.
Oh, yeah, that'd shock
the shit right out of him.
I'm waiting for you,
so hurry the fuck up.
Okay, I'm on my way.
♪ intense music
***
Call Theodore Ramone.
[Darius] This is where all
your dreams about to die, Dad.
No, this is where I put
my foot all in your ass.
- [Darius scoffs] Whatever.
- Ain't no way Tampa Bay
is gonna stop Zeke
on the five yard line.
Look, look.
Just like... that!
- [laughing]
- [phone buzzing]
Sup, Tommy?
Nothin' much,
just driving to the hospital
to see my beat-to-shit son.
Do what?
Yeah, and guess who did it?
Who?
Manuel and Antonio,
for starters.
My Manuel?
What the fuck are
your fucking boys doing
putting my son
in the goddamn hospital?
Do you not run
a tighter crew than that?
I'll have this handled
before dawn.
No, you've had
your chance to handle it.
You find me five thumpers that
don't play in their side
of the sand box,
and keep your goddamn phone on.
♪ tense music ♪
♪ somber music ♪
***
[knocking]
How you feeling, slugger?
Been better.
Yeah, them damn ribs
is the worst.
You know,
try like hell
not to laugh and try
like ever-loving hell
not to sneeze.
Oh, my God.
What are you doing here?
Well, I was waiting
for five hours
to see if you lived
through surgery.
Sorry to disappoint.
We're gonna wait outside, amigo.
Okay?
You need anything? Hmm?
- Want a pack of cigarettes?
- [chuckles]
- [winces]
[groans]
You said, "Don't laugh."
Sorry. My fault.
Broke my own rule.
We'll be right outside, bud, okay?
Maybe give 'em some space.
To think, I missed
my first patch party for you.
I'm sure there'll be plenty
of chlamydia at the next one.
Not your fault.
I'm sorry anyway.
[sniffles]
♪ gentle music
You don't deserve this.
"Deserve"
doesn't factor into it.
He didn't do this for Elvio.
He did this for himself.
About time.
Drive here in reverse?
I'm sorry, honey.
Shit, I don't have
a fucking Batmobile like you do.
Hey, honey.
- [Ainsley] Hi.
- Is he asleep?
He's talking
with his girlfriend.
Who's his girlfriend?
Well, I-I don't know.
Shouldn't eat that shit, Dale.
They sell it in a hospital,
Angela.
How bad can it be?
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
Your boy's either real tough
or real lucky, Tommy.
You been in with him yet?
He's talking
with his girlfriend.
Figured I'd give him that
after all he's been through.
Who is this fucking girlfriend?
He's sleeping.
Yeah, I can see that.
[sighs]
How you holding up, honey?
How's your boy?
He's good.
How are you?
[sniffs] Well, you know.
No, I-I don't know,
but I can imagine.
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
[sobbing] Oh, my God.
Look at my little angel.
What the fuck?
- I know. Wh...
- Look at him, Tommy!
What happened
to "don't freak him out"?
You better find
the fuckers that did this.
[inhales] Mom?
- I'm here, baby.
- [Tommy] We know that, honey.
The whole hospital knows.
I know you got a Xanax on you,
so go out in the hallway
and take it.
[sniffles]
And wait till it kicks in
'fore you come back, okay?
How 'bout that?
Mm-hmm.
[sobbing] I'm gonna...
I'm gonna be right outside,
baby, okay?
- Okay.
- [Cooper] 'Kay.
[Angela crying]
Oh, my God!
Sorry about that. She-she gets
worked up over the kids.
I'm Mexican.
No explanation needed.
I need a minute alone
with Cooper.
Yeah, I should get back
to my son.
Call me if you need anything.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Thank you.
[sighs]
Nothing's going on.
Her husband just died.
I'm trying...
She called and asked for help,
and I gave it.
She's not my concern. You are.
And at the moment,
the fuckers that put you in this
hospital are my main concern.
If my father steps in...
This is not your dad talking.
This is the general manager
of an oil company talking.
And when my employees
break into another employee's
company-provided housing
and beat the dog shit out of him
to the point where a surgeon
has to re-inflate his lung,
I step in.
Manuel and Antonio.
Who else?
You can tell me, or I'll beat it
out of the first two.
I don't know their names.
Maintenance crew
for the buffalo field.
That's all you had to say.
You're gonna have to move slow
with this girl.
She's hurting in a way
that you can't understand,
and she's trying to find
somewhere to put it.
It's not like that.
How many other widows
do you think
are sitting in this hospital
tonight with their helpers?
This ain't the first time you
took a beating over this girl.
This is the kind of beating
you get
when the first one didn't take.
[phone buzzing]
Yeah?
He just got to his trailer.
[Tommy over phone]
Alone?
- With his roommate.
- All right,
I want you
to turn those cameras off
and don't cut 'em back on
till I tell you, all right?
Yes, sir.
♪ intense, dramatic music
Can we talk to him now?
No need.
Meet me at the man camp.
Give me a ten minute head start.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
I'm really relaxed now.
Can I go see him?
He's all yours.
You got plans tonight?
Soon as you give 'em to me.
Let's go.
Hey, don't let her drive.
♪ suspenseful music
***
Mm.
♪ tense, suspenseful music
***
[truck doors close]
You want something?
Don't leave home without it.
We might not even get to use it.
[crowd cheering over TV]
You should just
cut that fucking thing off.
Ain't your hand
that got smashed.
[indistinct commentary over TV]
[knocking on door]
- You got a bitch coming over?
- Not till I get paid.
[chuckles]
Fuck. It's the boss.
Don't answer.
Make like we're asleep.
I can fucking hear you.
What's up? [grunting]
This seem familiar, motherfucker?
Hey, man...
[grunting]
You get on your fucking phone
and call your friends.
You know, the ones
that you called that put
my fucking son in the hospital.
[panting]
No?
He don't want to call
his friends, Boss.
Me and my boys will
take him in the back.
[Tommy]
Okay, I'd appreciate that.
Oh, we'll convince you.
- Come on.
- No. No, fuck.
[groaning]
[Boss]
Let's talk.
[Antonio]
No!
- [yelling]
- [blows landing]
- [grunts]
- Nobody said "get up," Manny.
[Antonio cries out]
[groans]
Have a seat, Manuel.
[coughs]
[Tommy]
Here's how this is gonna go.
Needless to say, you're fired.
By noon tomorrow,
you'll be on a "no hire" list
for every fucking oil company
in the Permian Basin.
Sheriff's gonna be here
in about five minutes,
and he's gonna toss
this fucking place.
And I'm just guessing he'll add
felon in possession
of a firearm,
possession of
a controlled substance,
and maybe possession of
a controlled substance
with intent to distribute.
And any goddamn one of those
violates your parole.
And then you add
on top of that shit,
aggravated assault charge
and kidnapping,
'cause when you
shut the door on him,
that's kidnapping.
I ain't a goddamn mathematician,
but that's, like, 30 years.
- [Antonio shouts]
- [Tommy] That's what I do
to people who hurt my family.
You fucked
with the wrong hillbilly.
[siren whooping]
I'm gonna take 30 years
of your life away from you.
And if you ever come back
to this place,
I'm gonna take the rest of it.
♪ tense, dramatic music
***
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Antonio groaning]
[Tommy]
Have you met the sheriff?
[sighs] Stand up
and turn around.
[grunts]
They're having a confession
in the back room.
Tommy.
Did he have anything to say?
He gave up the names.
Even wrote 'em down for you.
You think he'd repeat 'em to me?
Sure he would if you asked.
Would you confirm the names
of the other assailants?
[panting]
You-you gonna take me with you?
[Walt]
Well, that depends.
You gonna say something
give me a reason?
I'll give you a reason.
You boys give us a minute?
[Antonio panting]
[crying]
♪ tense, dramatic music
***
[Dale] Haven't done anything
like that since...
...2016.
Place is getting wild again.
I got to get my boy out of here
before somebody kills him.
Nah, we run the killers off.
There's something about that
boy, just draws trouble to him
like bugs to a light.
He ain't mean enough
for this place, Dale.
He just ain't mean enough.
♪ "Sunshine"
by The Red Clay Strays ♪
♪ There's no shame
in being broken-hearted ♪
♪ Though I try to do more
to fix my soul ♪
♪ I'm trying to be more
than when I started ♪
♪ There's no path before me ♪
♪ gentle music
***